Section 1 - Introduction and Essential Installations
Source code and project demo
Visit the following website for projects source code and demo: https://www.100jsprojects.com/

Section 2 - Project - Dad Jokes Generator
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/dad-jokes-generator

Section 3 - Project - Photo Gallery
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/photo-gallery

Section 4 - Project - English Dictionary
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/english-dictionary

Section 5 - Project - Anime Pics Generator
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/anime-pics-generator

Section 6 - Project - Note App
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/note-app

Section 7 - Project - BMI Calculator
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/bmi-calculator

Section 8 - Project - Random Quote Generator
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/random-quote-generator

Section 9 - Project - Temperature Converter
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/temperature-converter

Section 10 - Project - Currency Converter
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/currency-converter

Section 11 - Project - Loan Calculator
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/loan-calculator

Section 12 - Project - Random Emoji
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/random-emoji

Section 13 - Project - Weight Converter
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/weight-converter

Section 14 - Project - Feedback UI
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/feedback-ui

Section 15 - Project - Button Ripple Effect
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/button-ripple-effect
Refer to 'button-ripple-effect.rar'

Section 16 - Project - Digital Clock
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/digital-clock
Refer to 'digital-clock.rar'

Section 17 - Project - Rotating Image Gallery
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/rotating-image-gallery
REfer to 'rotating-image-gallery.rar'

Section 18 - Project - Random Color Generator
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/random-color-generator
Refer to 'random-color-generator.rar'

Section 19 - Project - Real-time Character Counter
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/real-time-character-counter
Refer to 'real-time-character-counter.rar'

Section 20 - Project - Profile Statistics
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/profile-statistics
Refer to 'profile-statistics.rar'

Section 21 - Project - Heart Trail Animation
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/heart-trail-animation
Refer to 'heart-trail-animation.rar'

Section 22 - Project - Mini Calendar
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/mini-calendar
Refer to 'mini-calendar.rar'

Section 23 - Project - Animated Search Bar
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/animated-search-bar
Refer to 'animated-search-bar.rar'

Section 24 - Project - Social Media Selector Menu
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/social-media-selector-menu
Refer to 'social-media-selector-menu.rar'

Section 25 - Project - Random Password Generator
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/random-password-generator
Refer to 'random-password-generator.rar'

Section 26 - Project - Testimonial Slider
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/testimonial-slider
Refer to 'testimonial-slider.rar'

Section 27 - Project - New Year Countdown
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/new-year-countdown
Refer to 'new-year-countdown.rar'

Section 28 - Project - Emoji Rating
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/emoji-rating
Refer to 'emoji-rating.rar'

Section 29 - Project - Sticky Navbar
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/sticky-navbar
Refer to 'sticky-navbar.rar'

Section 30 - Project - Double Landing Page
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/double-landing-page
Refer to 'double-landing-page.rar'

Section 31 - Project - Auto Text Effect Animation
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/auto-text-effect-animation
Refer to 'auto-text-effect-animation.rar'

Section 32 - Project - Background Image Scroll Effect
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/background-image-scroll-effect
Refer to 'background-image-scroll-effect.rar'

Section 33 - Project - Blurred Background Popup
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/blurred-background-popup
Refer to 'blurred-background-popup.rar'

Section 34 - Project - Dark Mode Toggle
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/dark-mode-toggle
Refer to 'dark-mode-toggle.rar'

Section 35 - Project - Drum Kits
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/drum-kits
Refer to 'drum-kits.rar'

Section 36 - Project - To Do List
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/to-do-list
Refer to 'to-do-list.rar'

Section 37 - Project - Random Photos
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/random-photos
Refer to 'random-photos.rar'

Section 38 - Project - Multiplication App
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/muliplication-app
Refer to 'multiplication-app.rar'

Section 39 - Project - Step Progress Bar
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/step-progress-bar
Refer to 'step-progress-bar.rar'

Section 40 - Project - Mouse Event
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/mouse-event
Refer to 'mouse-event.rar'

Section 41 - Project - Loading Bar
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/loading-bar
Refer to 'loading-bar.rar'

Section 42 - Project - Image Slider
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/image-slider
Refer to 'image-slider.rar'

Section 43 - Project - Video Trailer Popup
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/video-trailer-popup
Refer to 'video-trailer-popup.rar'

Section 44 - Project - Clock
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/clock

Section 45 - Project - Month Calender
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/month-calender

Section 46 - Project - Counter
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/counter
Refer to 'counter.rar'

Section 47 - Project - Q&A Section
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/q-and-a-section
Refer to 'Q&A-section.rar'

Section 48 - Project - Tabs
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/tabs
Refer to 'tabs.rar'

Section 49 - Project - Background Video
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/background-video
Refer to 'Background-video-project.rar'

Section 50 - Project - Sidebar Menu
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/sidebar-menu
Refer to 'Sidebar-project.rar'

Section 51 - Project - Navbar Menu
https://www.100jsprojects.com/project/navbar-menu
Refer to 'Navbar-project.rar'